---
title: CompSoc Minutes
date: 12/02/19
author: Diana Marin
attendance:
- Mugurel Enache
- Diana Marin
- Luca Sas
- Alex Naggar
- Amaan Ibn-Nasar
- Daniel de Burgo
...

# Spring Ball

- Mostly same procedure as last year.
- Price: \textsterling 28 for meal and additional \textsterling 10 for drink.

# Last social events
- Addressed complaints from participants to improve next events, such as better timing.

# Hash Code

- Food will be provided at the beginning of the event; Alex to ask if discount applies for big quatities of pizza. Otherwise, we can get pizza from Pizza Milano.
- We have to 'spam' people with Hash Code advertising, including lecture shout-outs. Luca offered to shout-out at lectures.
- The event will take place on 28th of February, from 5:00PM to 10:00PM in the active learning lab or the Michael Sadler room used at FinTech Hackathon. Luca volunteered to talk to Sam to book a venue and send an email to Google for goodies.
- We should have more snacks for the participants.

# Tech Talks
- Dan and Luca both have connections with people from industry, AI and graphics/game dev respectively to come and talk.
- Mugurel to set up a date with the alumni who offered to give a talk.
- Date(s) might be on 7th or 14th March, subject to change if speakers need other time.

# Resigning members
- Diana and Mugurel will resign from their roles.
- Try to find substitutes from hte first year such that the committe will have continuity next year.
- Need to find a date for EGM for official resigning. (maybe Ben could ask, since he organised the last one).

# CompSoc Hackathon
- Luca to send mails to sponsors for eventual sponsorships.
- Date on 27 April or 22 March.

# Others

- We have to establish a budget for the Hash COde event.
- Students want to repair the slides in the Long Room. Mail to SSO to see what can be done regarding that.
