---
title: CompSoc Minutes
date: 12/02/18
author: Benjamin Chalmers
attendance:
- Benjamin Chalmers
- Mugurel Eanache
- Diana Marin
- Luca Sas
- Aitor Fernadez
- Ahmed el ghazawy
...

# HashCode

- Complete approval has been given for the hashcode event from Andy B.
- Funding has been provided from the school of computing for security (\textsterling 91.00).
- All members of this committee need to start encouraging signup and advertise this event.
- Google livestream problems to us which have to be solved.
- Lucas to send the poster and details to Ahmed for the event.
- Ahmed to try and get sponsors and report his findings to the committee.

# Ball

- Survey by Ben handed around those attending for review.
- The last ball was poorly marketed, this new ball requires clearer marketing, discussion of getting some lectures to advertise the event.
- The Survey was roundly approved by attendees, the price points were discussed.
This will now be sent round for student feedback.
- Ball entertainment discussed, standup, memes ect.
- It was noted that lack of communication or attendance from Mitchell and Zaeem resulted in little knowledge of the progress of the ball.

# GIAG

- It is on *Friday*!!
- We need to print posters and talk to potential attendees.
- Zaeem will be given posters to print and distribute.
- People announce GIAG in lectures.
- The offer of a prize was discussed, a \textsterling 20 amazon gift voucher was put forward, no certainty on this however.
- The installation of Retro Game emulators on the DEC-10 machines was discussed in order to increase the number of games we are offering. 

# Other Business

- Ahmed proposed a bowling event an will look into the viability this week. He has requested that members of this committee gauge the enthusiasm for such an event, especially among the first year.
- Aitor wants to plan a 'night out' and will give a proposed event next meeting.
- Paintballing was another suggestion from Mugurel, who has connections to receive discounted rated.

\section*{\textit{note}}

Due to poor attendance from the formal committee, notably the treasure, social sectary and president, little could be committed to this meeting. 
